docs: Update image.rst (#582)
bbcmicrobit/micropython: docs/image.rst

.. image:: image-smile.png

There are four ways in which you can construct an image:

> Image() - create a blank 5x5 image

Reviewer: Trying out the new GitHub feature to suggest patches to the PR:

```suggestion
- ``Image()`` - Create a blank 5x5 image
```

> Image(s) - create an image by parsing the string (single char returns that glyph)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Image(string)`` - Create an image by parsing the string, a single character
  returns that glyph
```

> Image(w, h) - create a blank image of given size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Image(width, height)`` - Create a blank image of given size
```

> Image(w, h, data) - create an image from the given data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``Image(width, height, buffer)`` - Create an image from the given buffer
```

    The other form creates an empty image with ``width`` columns and
    ``height`` rows. Optionally ``buffer`` can be an array of
    ``width``×``height`` integers in range 0-9 to initialize the image:
   

>         Image(2, 2, b'\x08\x08\x08\x08')

Reviewer: Can we also add an example with a byte array?
```
Image(2, 2, bytearray([0,1,1,0]))
```

Author: done in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/582/commits/24b83b74c2cf1bddd8b9c9dcbcef9096979dd24f

Author: done in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/582/commits/24b83b74c2cf1bddd8b9c9dcbcef9096979dd24f

Author: done in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/582/commits/24b83b74c2cf1bddd8b9c9dcbcef9096979dd24f

	
    Will display a 2 x 2 pixel image at full brightness.
    
    .. note::
    

>     Keyword arguments cannot be passed to ``buffer``.

Reviewer: This line needs to be indented to be formatted as a note.

Author: done in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/582/commits/24b83b74c2cf1bddd8b9c9dcbcef9096979dd24f

    The other form creates an empty image with ``width`` columns and
    ``height`` rows. Optionally ``buffer`` can be an array of

>     ``width``×``height`` integers in range 0-9 to initialize the image:

Reviewer: Adding the extra colon to format the code line bellow in the same format as the previous code examples.
```suggestion
    ``width``×``height`` integers in range 0-9 to initialize the image::
```

   
        Image(2, 2, b'\x08\x08\x08\x08')

>     or

Reviewer: Without the additional lines the formatting goes a bit wonky:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29712657/47505898-f0062b00-d866-11e8-9f39-74e7c4632cb2.png)

```suggestion

    or::

```
